## Overview
Weekend hackathons are fun, aren't they! In our last weekend hackathon, we introduced a new and unique problem statement using UCI open dataset. But, we were big-time disappointed as some of the participants ended up probing the leaderboard. However, we decided to host an open UCI dataset competition again this weekend. So In this weekend hackathon, we have trained a machine learning model to perturb the target column instead of manually adding the noise. Yes, you heard it right, In this hackathon, we are challenging all the MachineHackers to capture our leaderboard's and prove their mettle by competing against MachineHack's AI.

The dataset was collected from a Combined Cycle Power Plant over 6 years (2006-2011) when the power plant was set to work with a full load. Features consist of hourly average ambient variables Temperature (T), Ambient Pressure (AP), Relative Humidity (RH), and Exhaust Vacuum (V) to predict the net hourly electrical energy output (PE) of the plant.
A combined-cycle power plant (CCPP) is composed of gas turbines (GT), steam turbines (ST), and heat recovery steam generators.

In a CCPP, the electricity is generated by gas and steam turbines, which are combined in one cycle, and is transferred from one turbine to another. While the Vacuum is collected from and has an effect on the Steam Turbine, the other three of the ambient variables affect the GT performance.

## Dataset Description:

Train.csv - 9568 rows x 5 columns

Test.csv - 38272 rows x 4 columns

Sample_Submission.csv - Accepted submission format

## Attribute Information:

Features consist of hourly average ambient variables

Temperature (T) in the range 1.81°C and 37.11°C
 Ambient Pressure (AP) in the range 992.89-1033.30 millibar
 Relative Humidity (RH) in the range of 25.56% to 100.16%
Exhaust Vacuum (V) in the range 25.36-81.56 cm Hg
Net hourly electrical energy output (PE) 420.26-495.76 MW
The averages are taken from various sensors located around the plant that record the ambient variables every second. The variables are given without normalization.

## LeaderBoard
### Private LB: 21th rank
### Public LB: 24th rank
[https://www.machinehack.com/hackathons/power_plant_energy_output_prediction_weekend_hackathon_13]
